Clarify behavior of imagePullPolicy Always (#21122)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/overview.md

- `imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent`: the image is pulled only if it is not already present locally.

> - `imagePullPolicy: Always`: it resolves the image with registry and if it resolves to a sha that is not already pulled to the node, pulls the image. If the resolved sha is already pulled to the node, it uses the already-pulled content.

Reviewer: First suggestion
```suggestion
- `imagePullPolicy: Always`: it resolves the image with registry and if it resolves to a digest that is not already pulled to the node, pulls the image. If the resolved digest is already pulled to the node, it uses the already-pulled content.
```

Reviewer: Second suggestion:
```suggestion
- `imagePullPolicy: Always`: every time the kubelet launches a container, the kubelet queries the container image registry to resolve the name to an image digest. If the kubelet has a container image with that exact digest cached locally, the kubelet uses its cached image; otherwise, the kubelet downloads (pulls) the image with the resolved digest, and uses that image to launch the container.
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to @sftim's change. This helps add a bit more clarity to the definition.

Author: @sftim 
Corrected, thank you very much, your changes can really clarify the meaning of imagePullPolicy Always
